---
title: Changing Process of my Thoughts about Studying Abroad
categories: [Thoughts]
tags:
seo:
date_modified: 2021-02-26 04:16:00 +0900
---

### Middle School - Middle of Leave of Absence: I will go to the USA
Though I don't have big passion about startup now, when I was in middle school, I dreamed about technology-based startup attending center for gifted eduacation of CEO in POSTECH. And I dreamed about getting in the USA which has overwhelming size of market and leads the world thecnology. I had dreamed it until high school, and I could remember that wanted to go to Satanford University to achieve Master's degree, though a little hilorious watching now. Therefore as the foothold to go to the USA, I kept my GPA as 1st or 2nd rank in my high school and entered in POSTECH which is one of the best engineering school in Korea and I had wanted to enter from middle school. In those days, I had a religion and had baseless confidence much more. So I took a leave of absence to prepare bachelor transfer just after freshman, and applied to schools only supporting full financial aid. Maybe it is not difficult to Postechians, I got perfect scores in SAT2 Math and Physics. And with the religious faith what I told about, I only applied three schools, MIT, Princeton, and Cornell. And surely I failed. How could I pass applying only top schools even as a foreigner. But to apply easier schools, I cannot cope with tuition and living cost about annually 100,000$. Professors told me I had a bad situation with COVID-19, but I knew just my objective ability is too deficient comparing with schools I applied. So I thought after I graduate POSTECH, I will follow my dream to going the USA applying graduate schools.   
<br/>

### Middle of Leave of Absence - Middle of College Sophomore: Is going to the USA indeed happy way?
However, in the middle and late of leave of absence, I experienced ideologically tremendous transistion by getting out of religion. And I moved my gaze to me from the god, which was almost everything to me attending the church from middle school. Though it is childish, I call it The Presonal Renaissance. But it was really huge change to me and unstable process. I tried to redefine everything from the meaning of my life and suffered with nihillism. And in this process, I wondered validity of my dream that I help others and missionary work after earning much money, and for it going to the USA. Nevertheless without this religious reasons, I again wanted to go the USA which leads the world technology. And maybe it looked just cool to me. So I thought about the criteria of my happiness more seriously. And my tentative conclusion is that feeling meaning and statisfaction by working is about 60%, family is about 30%, and my leisure is about 10%. In those things, family and leisure have deep relations with money, I think I do not care about other things if I could feel the meaning in my work and get enough economical rewards. On that point, I thought living in the USA is economically harder than Korea and it means giving up the 30% of the happiness of my life. Studying abroad looked so fancy to me, but I try to look at this equanimously. Because I do not care about others' eyes and it cannot not be the cirteira of my happiness. I wnat to live real happy and good life watching myself not being watched by others.  
<br/>

My thoughts being stable was shook again by meeting Seonghwan and Jihyeong at the early 2021. After I heared that almost every students of Seoul National University prepare studying abroad after their military duty by going to Korean army directly or some students go to industrial agent, I thought about being stisfied atmosphere of our college that almost students think about replacing military duty with getting a doctoral degree in our graduate school. I thought I might have to make an effort to grow fiercely too. And thinking about extreme population and economic structure of Korea, I wondered if I could get a job that I can research what I want comfortably. If it is impossible, does it mean the 70% of happiness of my life will be gone away. So the thought of studying abroad and settle in the USA was gradually growing. But going to the top schools, where people usually say like MIT, Harvard, and Stanfrod, is too hard even the top students of SPK(Korean top schools. Seoul National University, POSTECH, KAIST) could not enter every year. And I thought I could enter in top 50 schools. Supervisor said that there are not sepcial advantages to return to Korea without top schools, I thought it is worthy of investment if the purpose is settle in the USA. Leaving homeland and not using mother tongue is very inefficient and I thought I could get far more advantageous if I studied well in the USA, but life is always choosing best thing in own situation and taking a responsibility..!  
<br/>

### Lately: The future of Korea looks too difficult by the population structure
By the National Assembly Budget Office, after 20 and 30 years the tax will be 3 times and 5 times by the population structure. Watching European countries, it looks really hard that the proportion of immingrants exceeds 10% even accepting them so easily. The serious lack of producing population in the future is distinct fact. Then getting the pension would be really hard, and earning money to privately prepare our old age will be hard too by high taxes. So I worry about terrible situation that someone cannot recieve and earn money. Being weaken of national competitiveness would decrease our sallary, and even we earn money about anually 150,000$ we could not save our money with high taxes. Saving over than 1,000,000$ is almost impossible for our whole lives, and it is far from enough to preapare our old age. I will choose a job that is much more meaningful, if I feel economic stability. But I think economic stability is the most important thing for me and my family. In this regard, I want to open the possibility of settle down abroad above all after finishing a millitary service. However, I think Korean goverment would deal with this problem and living in my home land is so happy.
<br/>

### Current Conclustion: I will get a doctoral degree in Korea
I found about the ways of getting green card of the USA. And if I go to the USA as a post.doc. researcher, there would be the chance of getting green card. Every countries welcome able people. To open the possibility of meeting good professor than korean schools, I have to enter in U.S. top 30 graduate schools. But it is really hard as foreigners, and have to spend too long time by military service. So I determined to enter in domestic graduate school. Then I can study continuously without break. My thought could be changeed, and I think the human being have to be opened to change always. Anyway, I might have to concern about the way of living better and happy life consistently!  
<br/> 
<br/>   
<br/>  
*Always Thank You to Personal Questions, Advise, and Pointing Out My Mistakes!